ok in so we had a question about how do
you build community and marks actually
getting it some of that is answer right
now if you're listening when he was just
saying about the league heavily in by
the way did you hear him say that he's
actually willing to look at their code
ok he's not just teaching people over
here to watch me on the screen here I'm
telling you how did you hear what he
actually want to take the time to have a
look at their code any easy to some
other things that I do want to pull out
is well the idea
mark talk to people like this that they
need to know about the technical details
but about late because this definitely
ties into how you build and it's
important for people to know this so
online chat platform uses marked down so
you can do all kinds of things from
pacing code to building and all that
kind of stuff it's kind of like slack
but more for developers you gotta have a
have account to get in if I wasn't a
developer i'd probably using slack right
now but basically I tell my students
come to the chance on post something in
the discussions on you to me help you
out and what actually happened is that
people have joined the chat rooms and
now they help each other and so there's
a community of people helping each other
and making friends and connections on
LinkedIn and this community has started
to form and I'm not even there have to
time but other people are and like so
far it seems like today I launched my
first online store to sell swag like my
my dad slows my company logo and stuff
within five minutes a launching already
got three purchases from students about
my t-shirts hats and the like this
awesome to tweeting about it and all
because I have this live interactive
community and people interact with me
real-time ok so we are getting questions
here about how you get started things I
think that's gonna tie-in well enough
with this whole topic of our overall
topic today is about the idea of
a major part of Mark success is by
looking to be best in class with his
unique courses that he teaches in one of
the way city is by provide connecting on
an emotional level in having this
personal interaction with students as a
people were asked about how he
kick-started things without a list in so
it all ties in with this idea of
building communities I think it's the
go-ahead an answer that did you come in
without a list and in iOS is competitive
popular but it's also the 10th here you
know nothing not one email accounts no
website all I have is my skill and my
faith that something great would turn
out so anyway i released as coursework
my brains out to get it out and
literally just four weeks counting the
street when I say pounding the streets
communicating to the world on my course
existed so I'm very specific things that
I do which which all of you can actually
do viewed the various disciplines as
or cure however you spell it just pull
put the link here what is it that I get
answered any type of question people
plus everything so every single day I
was posing there and I was like where
should I start an iOS development and I
would say this is what you should do and
I give an explanation and the body the
bottom everything one of my posts I
would have links to my course and people
start buying its ok was very powerful
and to this day my post some core that I
said I made like two months ago when I
first started are still generating cells
from those links because they stay there
forever so you can have any this plan
from how to train your dog to
hypnotherapy to whatever there's
questions about everything so I started
spending lots of time there
r LinkedIn I have a big LinkedIn network
and I've been working on it for the last
year and a half I spent an hour on
LinkedIn a day for the last year and a
half and so I started making posts there
about my course in about you know how
you can be successful in bringing money
and i was just explaining the world
would I was doing I was posting about my
courses there read it I spent a lot of
time on read it in fact one post I made
on read it generated $2,500 in two hours
from one post on read it with that being
said the reddit community now hates me
in fact in their learn programming
threat they have a sticky post at the
top that talks to me courses and
instructors and that is because of me
unfortunately because my post generate
so much hype so what I do now on and
read it is I'll pay the rules and I post
a youtube videos which then went to my
course what was the question again where
we going with us we're just looking at
some of the specific strategy is to just
so you to today it has generated almost
three thousand dollars in sales for me
this is like in the last course is only
been out for two months just by posting
free videos and I link back to the link
back to my course and just keep coming
from those videos I never thought it
would be so easy and so this is crazy
in two months I've gotten over 1,000
YouTube subscribers and I had zero and
that's from four videos video so YouTube
has been very powerful so this is what I
did not have it having nothing knowing
nothing my Twitter account had like 20
followers now I've got over 200
growing house post post to the world
yeah that market me because I know
you're all excited about oh my god it's
going to be successful but then I hope
you heard mark say that when he started
this he didn't just say I didn't have an
email list he said I didn't have an
email as I didn't have a website I
didn't have that he didn't have any
thing when he started doing this all
those pieces in place in its all coming
together for him and other state partner
with it is coming together is the way
mark is connecting with people
ok he got on Quora I guess is a good
example read it is maybe not such a
great example cuz Mar kind of broke the
rules there and got himself in a little
bit of a bad situation although I don't
intentionally but you know he's in
little bit more careful with what he's
getting out there and he's interacting
with people to build that relationship
to pry them some value and you know
there are 76 people watching right now
just coming right now in part of the
reason that the lab was so well known is
that mark is also in the studio for
those of you are not familiar with you
to me that's ok this isn't just you two
meet you in the studio he's giving
people some help and some suggestions as
to what generated when mark shared with
people houses wanted to know how did you
do it and so Mark said you know what
lets out how about this I'll do this on
a black so that people will have this
information and it'll be accessible to
them and they'll be able to run to know
what I did the same questions over and
over again
you guys could just go to my website
later
so so I do want us to shift gears to the
main topic here and as Marx talk about
some of the stuff out scroll through the
questions to make sure keeping track of
the things that people want to cover but
one of the key strategies that mark used
to make sure that his class was really
going to be able to take off was this
idea of doing it better than anybody
else in market already mentioned about
this when he said he looked at some of
the unique courses he could see that
maybe the instructor is smart and a new
alot but they didn't seem to exude any
type of caring for their students so go
ahead marc talk to people about how you
use that strategy like being the best in
class when I first got into you to me I
looked at the competition which was
rough personal and I was like wow
100,000 students if I'm gonna do
anything at all about to make sure I put
some thought into it so what I decided
was I wanted to course I would actually
be effective in helping people get a job
as iPhone programmer and I think this is
applicable across all disciplines you
know what whatever you want to
accomplish and by the way I've actually
had two Sudans tell me they've gotten
jobs because my course which is amazing
and so everything I didn't I every every
thought that came from my brain was how
do I help the student achieve this goal
which I know they want to achieve which
is becoming an iPhone developer or
working from home or living a better
life and so I don't wait
also ask a question earlier on there in
how do you as a programmer how do you
differentiate like talking too much
about something versus making it more
brief for making the pie so everything I
did was directed for the sole purpose of
say hey what is gonna be most effective
in you getting a job and you making
money and so I throw all the other junk
that's why my course mile s course we
don't have things that other courses
have like maps or flapping bird like
like you know you know there's courses
they built twenty out well that's that's
nice but it's not going to help you get
a job
appears that things are going to help
you get a job as everything I taught was
for the student and I throughout the
study all the marketing gimmicks I
didn't want anything like that I just
wanted that's why I don't have
intercourse we do bill 20 out high
quality ABS doesn't say that my title
because that's not what the courses
about the courses about how can you come
from a beginner to pay profession so my
point is everything I did was geared
towards the student and every every step
of the way and I believe thats what sets
me apart and I mean I think my review
right now is so do the math is between
nine and 10 percent and I think